# ADOPTADOG 
Adoptadog is a simple adoption website for the easy procural and payment of setting up an adoption for a canine friend in your local area! Browse among the different individuals
who are currently waiting on a new home! Read from some of our blogs relating to dog care, training, and safety! With our easy to use checkout system, select the dropoff location
in your local area, give us a few details, and complete payment and find the new member of your family easily!!


https://aminoo10.github.io/html200-adopt-a-dog/

# Testing

**User Personas:** 

The user base for this websites consists of many different kinds of individuals who are looking
for a simple and easy way to adopt a dog that is convienent, quick, and easy, instead of having to
look at many different shelters and adoption places, individuals can look through a convenient catelog
and set up payment and location simply. 

_Example Personas:_

* Persona 1. 
	Young college student, 18 years old, looking to get a pet for quite a while, and
after getting the OK from their parentals, as long as they take care of the pet they are free
to adopt. Although busy often with classes, doesn't have the time to visit different shelters constantly,
so getting a simple and easy way to look at what dogs are available for adoption with a website
seems like the most convenient method. Is decently tech savy as has used computers and laptops
growing up, but mainly prefers using their phone, and are more often found using their phone to 
surf the web.


* Persona 2. 
	Family of four looking to adopt another dog after their last pet of 15 years had recently passed
awway, family consists of mother, father, both in their mid fourties, and their children, both in their teens.
Although the mother and father aren't incredibly tech savy, they know at least how to navigate simple web pages,
and use mostly social media websites on their phone, but their children are a little more tech-savy and pitch in
to help find a new pet for the whole family, and help their parents figure out better more efficient
ways of adoption.

* Persona 3. 
	An individual in their mid 20s who has recently had some bad luck and unfortunate events befallen them. 
They've always loved animals and have always wanted a pet for themselves, and feel the companionship would be helpful in their 
current living conditions. They are fairly proficient with technology and don't have much issue navigating the web and different 
kinds of websites. 	 


**Browsers:** 

* Using Chrome, Firefox, and the new Microsoft Edge - Works as intended on chrome, was maintained and tested through this browser and
doesn't seem like there are much issues with functionality here, Javascript, etc. Buttons work
properly, prompts, alerts, click events and hover events all seem to work fine. Resizing works fine as well, seems to properly
resize to the different media ratios as expected.

 * Using Internet Explorer - Completely broken, page formatting non-existent, many of the elements generated by 
javascript missing, actually all javascript implementation is missing, no alerts, no click events, no submission. I am not sure what steps would be taken or whether it would
even be worth it to include a specific styling for IE, or just to display a message telling the user to try using a more modern browser for this website.

**Operating Systems:**

* No issues found with different operating systems. Works completely fine on PC and was mainly tested with this, and no issue found using Mac OS. Found no issues whatsoever with these OS' both with using Chrome.

**Mobile Devices:**

* Tablet: Used on Ipad Pro with safari (3rd generation) - website on the ipad works just as designed! screen big enough so you see the side blog on the index page
(the only unfortunate thing is that it seems the sound from the little easter egg I had is a tad bit delayed, which makes me think that there can be a way to preload these 
elements before they are used). 

* Phone: Used on an android phone with firefox (oneplus 7t pro) - Same with the tablet, works great, dialogue works fine and the layout seems to work as designed and fits the viewport fairly well, the dog tiles
are sized accordingly to the size of the screen (its a fairly big phone, but on the index page I get two columns instead of just one, but on the dog page specifically it comes down
to just one). The two big things I noticed that could use some work is that there were some examples on the blog page where the text size for the blog title headers were a little small,
could use some adjustment to make sure that those text headers are sized appropriately. Besides that layout seems great, and although the paragraph elements seemed a little big, it looked
fine on the phone itself and was more than readable. (the font of the logo was a little different too on the phone, no clue why this was though).

